[airplane passing overhead]
["Lost and Lookin'" plays]
♪ I'm lost and I'm looking
For my baby ♪
♪ Wonder why my baby ♪
♪ Can't be found ♪
♪ I'm lost ♪
♪ And I'm looking for my baby ♪
♪ Lord knows my baby
Ain't around ♪
♪ So I'm lost ♪
♪ And I'm calling
For my baby ♪
♪ Baby. won't you
Please come home ♪
[baby crying]
- ♪ I'm lost ♪
- [parent speaks German]
♪ And I'm calling for my baby ♪
- [in English] Sorry.
Sorry. excuse me.
- ♪ I need you 'cause I'm ♪
I'll give you a hand.
♪ So alone ♪
Thanks. It's...
It's my first time out
with him. I'm a mess. sorry.
That's all right.
Y-You're doing fine.
- [commuter 1] Hey!
- [commuter 2]
Just get out the way!
- Jesus Christ!
- What the fuck!
Easy. pal. Weirdo.
[automated voice
speaking German]
[Sam] Hi. this is Sam Nelson.
Leave a message
and I'll get back to you.
[phone beeps]
Sam. it's Olivia again.
You're still good
for this 10 o'clock
with the man from
the Federal Office of Justice?
I'm sorry to keep chasing.
I just...
I haven't heard from you
since you landed.
Anyway. um.
presumably you're on your way.
[train announcer speaks German]
[commuter 2] Move!
Get out of the way!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[coin clatters]
[beeping]
[machine whirring]
[object clatters]
[officer on radio
speaks German]
[bell chimes]
[train announcer speaks German]
[in English] The next U5
is in three minutes.
[exclaims. in German]
[in English] Go. go. go!
[music playing in distance]
["Plus I Minus" playing]
[keys rattle]
[officer speaks German]
[officers speak German]
[music continues]
[music stops]
[sighs]
[agent]
[officer]
[agent sighs]
[whistles]
[in English] Let's go!
Hey!
Hey.
[in German]
[in English] Coming up with us?
I'm on a different shift.
Your ID?
Okay. Be safe.
Okay.
Hey!
[commuters chattering]
[train rumbles in distance]
[narrator on TV] Knight Rider.
A shadowy flight
into the dangerous world
of a man who does not exist.
["Knight Rider"
theme song plays on TV]
[objects rattle]
[train announcer speaks German]
[brakes squeal]
[commuter. in English] Sam?
Sam Nelson?
Yeah.
Mei Tan.
Uh. there's no way
you'd remember me.
Singapore.
I was the intern
on the AmBank deal.
[automated voice speaks German]
[in English] Mostly I did
the coffee runs for
the all-nighters. [chuckles]
- Doppio espresso.
- Yes. Yes.
[stammers] I remember.
You were so impressive.
[chuckles]
[automated voice speaks German]
[in English] You not coming?
[in German]
[Mei] Sam?
[in English] I...
- Actually.
I wanna get on further down.
- [Mei] Uh...
[in German]
[automated voice speaks German]
["Kiss The Sky" plays]
♪ I hold my head up
Just enough to see the sky ♪
♪ And when we go
We won't go slow ♪
♪ We'll put up such a fight ♪
♪ And you will be one day
Exactly what you are ♪
♪ Just keep your head
Held high ♪
♪ Kiss your fist
And touch the sky ♪
♪ Too late to keep
The world from dying ♪
♪ One day ♪
♪ Whoo ♪
♪ We'll all be there ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah
Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
[song ends]
[in German]
[supervisor]
[workers chattering]
[sighs]
[supervisor]
[worker]
[worker 2]
Ciao. ciao.
[exclaims]
[chuckles]
- Okay.
- Max.
Hmm?
[controller. in German]
[panel beeps]
[on radio]
[brakes squeal]
[PA dings]
[in English]
Passengers please be aware.
we've been advised
to reduce our speed.
So. today's journey
may take longer than expected.
What's your day like?
Lost passport?
Ambassador's parking tickets?
No. I've got...
Sam Nelson.
Oh. that got shunted down
to you. did it?
He's been bugging us
for months.
Well. he's in Berlin.
- You've invited him in?
- Yeah.
We're sitting down with someone
from the Federal Office
of Justice.
Thought I saw Arnold Goth
in the lobby.
Good luck with that.
Germany not always
as efficient as advertised.
[chuckles]
So. what are you doing
in Berlin?
I'm...
just here for a meeting.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Uh. the Commerzbank merger?
[chuckles]
Ah. You can't say. [chuckles]
Client confidentiality.
Totally get it.
[baby crying]
[crying continues]
Um. I don't mean to pry.
I saw the piece in the FT.
The Kingdom hijacking...
The inquest.
You've been through a lot.
Hey. I-I get it. [chuckles]
I'd be a mess.
I mean.
I've never been through that.
but. you know. other stuff.
Bad breakup.
[scoffs] Such a bastard.
[echoing] Control. alt.
deleted my life.
Now. I'm here.
[chickens clucking]
[knocking on door]
Marsha Nelson?
Marsha Smith-Nelson.
- How-How did you...
- Oh.
Got sent these by mistake.
He called it.
Made us walk
all the way over here.
[chuckles]
You staying the week?
Just a few days.
Taste of the solitary life?
It's lucky I found you. eh?
Or not. [chuckles]
- Thanks for making
the trip up.
- It's no bother.
Is it your birthday?
Or Valentine's?
No. It's. um...
It's an anniversary.
- [tap creaks]
- [water running]
- [horn honks]
- [train squealing]
[PA chimes]
[train announcer speaks German]
[in English] So busy today.
Ironically. my agency
worked on a campaign to get
more people to use the U-Bahn.
[chuckles]
What about you?
What's your profession?
Let me guess.
NGO?
Humanitarian aid?
Right? No.
You got me.
I'm a volunteer medic.
- I knew it.
- [chuckles]
Yes. Nice.
Cool ink by the way.
Oh.
Yes...
It's just a reminder
of my wayward youth.
Oh. that's sweet.
[busker singing]
[sighs. mutters]
[groans]
[sighs]
[singing continues]
[commuter]
Give him some change.
- Or a pill.
- [shushes. whispers] Fran.
- Jesus.
- Sorry.
People say Berlin's not cheap.
but honestly.
I think you get
so much more space
for your rent.
Where you heading?
Oh. I'm like two more stops.
[baby crying]
[suspenseful music plays]
[commuter] Sorry. Excuse me.
Excuse me. Sorry.
Sorry.
Please. Coming through.
[Mei] I shouldn't have
mentioned the personal stuff.
I just want to talk
to you because...
- Sorry. Mind out the way.
- ...I could really
use a break.
If there's any way
I could pick your brains.
or. and this is me leaning in.
- but if you ever have
any openings...
- Uh...
Se-Send me your résumé.
[chuckles] Amazing.
Wait. I don't have
your e-mail...
[PA chimes]
[train announcer speaks German]
[teacher] Lukas. over here.
Oi! Oi. oi. oi!
Slow down. Slow down.
- [Lukas] Go ahead.
- Okay.
[teacher speaking German]
That's my lot. Rebecca! Oi!
Be part of the solution.
not the pollution.
Pick it up. Now.
- [student] Did you see...
- [Lukas speaks German]
[in English] Looks like
you've got them under control.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
What time's the museum open?
Ten. But at half past.
the queue's gonna be
a mile long. So...
And in this weather...
Please. You Brits.
you love to queue
just as much as you like to
complain about the weather.
It's cozy. Come on.
You all right?
George. what's going on?
S-Sir. couldn't we just walk?
We're on that train
for three stops.
You can practically
hold your breath. Come on.
- [speaks indistinctly]
- Hey.
- come on.
- Can we just...
[train announcer speaks German]
[speaks Urdu]
[staff speaks German
through radio]
[Lukas. in English]
Yes. kids. this is us.
Come on. come on. come on.
Go. go. go. go. go.
Stay in pairs. Let's go.
One. two. three. four.
five. six. seven...
Slow. slow. slow.
Eight. nine. ten. eleven.
twelve. thirteen.
fourteen. fifteen...
[teacher] Hey. what's up?
Is it the train?
- What's going on?
- Sir. I can't.
I think you can. George.
Come on.
[train announcer speaks German]
[in English]
Sir. can you just wait
for a second?
George.
can you step on. please?
Just get on the train.
[PA chiming repeatedly]
[train announcer speaks German]
[teacher] Just get in. please.
- [student] Oh. shit.
- [Rebecca] That is
so embarrassing.
- Girls. please.
- Piss off. Rebecca.
- [Lukas] You all right?
- Yeah. fine.
Just George fretting as usual.
Come on. let's go.
Sir. I ran out of data.
What do I do?
I don't know.
Talk to each other.
God forbid
you practice any German.
This is a total nightmare.
[suspenseful music plays]
[officers chatter]
[Sam] You speak English.
yeah? Yeah.
Yeah. I thought so.
Let's not try
anything stupid. yeah?
[speaks German]
[in English] Hey. mate.
[officer] Excuse me.
[speaks German]
[in English] You all right?
I know what you're doing.
- You got something
in the backpack. yeah?
- Fuck off.
- Something in the bag?
- Yes. Fuck off!
- What? What's in the bag?
- Don't fucking touch me. man.
- Just relax. I mean...
- [officer 1] Is there
a problem?
None of your business.
You might just wanna
check this guy out.
he's acting weird.
- The guy with the backpack?
- Yeah. him with the backpack.
[officer 1] This guy?
[passenger] Hey. watch it.
Hang on. Jesus Christ.
[in German]
[officer 1. in English]
Out of the way. please.
Hey. I'm talking to you.
Stop walking away.
Why? I've done nothing wrong.
But could you show us
your ticket. please?
Are you stopping me
because I don't have a ticket.
or are you stopping me
because I'm brown?
What's in your rucksack?
Fuck you.
We need you to calm down. yeah?
We are very calm.
So. please tell us
what's inside?
Girls. phones! Please.
Shit. I knew
I should've topped up.
- [officer 1]
What's in the bag?
- Man. this is bullshit.
[PA chimes]
[train announcer speaks German]
I'm just trying to
talk to you.
You're making a mistake. okay?
- We are a bit concerned.
- I've done nothing wrong.
Sir. we just want to know
what's in your bag.
You don't need to know
what's in my bag.
Just leave me alone.
[officer 2] Okay.
[train announcer speaks German]
- Sir. just step off the train.
- I'm not getting off.
Step off onto the platform.
- You've got this
all wrong. okay?
- Now. All right?
- Just drop the bag.
- Fuck you.
[grunts. groans]
- Oh. my God.
- [officer 1] Calm down.
[speaks German]
[in English] He didn't
even do anything.
Get the fuck off me!
- You've got this all wrong.
- Calm down.
- [groaning]
- [officer 1 shouts]
- [officer 2. in English]
Stop resisting.
- [officer 1 speaks German]
[in English]
You'll be okay. Stop.
[train announcer speaks German]
Please.
I've done nothing wrong!
[groans]
[in German]
[officer 1. in English]
Remove the bag. Very slowly.
Slowly. Slowly.
[in German]
[papers rustle]
[officer speaks German]
[officer 2. in English]
I'm sorry about
this misunderstanding.
[Fran] Did that guy
even do anything?
Nah. Police were totally
racially profiling him.
[Fran] They're not
the only ones.
[Sam sighs]
[speaks German]
[clears throat]
[breathing heavily] Okay.
Okay.
[train announcer speaks German]
[train announcer continues]
[station assistant]
[dial tone]
[speaks German]
[recorded voice]
[mutters]
[train clattering]
[dial tone]
[in English] It's me.
I can't do this.
Call me back.
[speaks German.
then English] Fuck!
[speaks German]
[PA dings]
[station assistant. in English]
Dear passengers.
this train will be held here
for a few more minutes.
Passengers can choose
to disembark here
to continue their journey.
I think we should get off here.
George doesn't look so good.
It was hard enough
getting him on the train.
- Let's wait. Just a bit.
- [station assistant
speaks German]
Nothing like a bit of drama
to start the week. huh?
Uh. excuse me.
I saw the driver got off.
Is everything okay?
Driver's good. No problem here.
He didn't look okay
when I saw him.
Maybe you can.
I don't know. check on him?
Thank you.
You're welcome.
- [dial tone]
- [knocking on door]
[station assistant] Otto?
- [knocking]
- Otto?
[knocking continues]
[sniffles. cries]
Otto?
[in German]
[inhales deeply]
- [automated voice
speaks German]
- [doors hissing]
[station assistant]
[doors beeping]
[automated voice speaks German]
[Mei grunts]
[office chatter]
[in English] I'm sure Sam
has a good reason
for not being here.
Look. I get it.
You're new here. You want
to make a good impression.
But is this meeting
really necessary?
And if so.
where exactly is Mr. Nelson?
[clicks tongue]
Sam really wanted you
to see this.
What am I looking at?
CCTV footage from
Hamburg Border Control.
- How did you get hold of this?
- Just look at it.
Sam thinks this
is the man he's after.
The man responsible
for the Kingdom hijacking.
[station assistant. in German]
[controller]
[in English] Copy.
[controller. in German]
[muttering]
- [PA chimes]
- [train announcer
speaks German]
[in English] Guys. let's go.
Come on. Hello.
[Lukas] All right.
Next one is us.
Get up. Pick your bags.
Don't forget anything.
We're not coming back.
[brakes hiss]
- Press the button.
Press the button.
- What do you think I'm doing?
- Can you... Can you just...
- George. we already
tried that.
- Sir. the door won't open.
- Sir.
- Sir. it's not opening. Sir!
- Sir. the door's not opening.
[conductor] Hey!
[in German]
[conductor speaks German]
[train hisses]
[George. in English]
Sir. that was our stop.
[in German]
[in English] It's all good.
We get off the next one.
Back to your seats.
Please. careful. Rebecca.
[student] Just sit back down.
George.
You good?
So. next one is us then. yeah?
[angle grinder whirs]
[controller]
[train console beeps]
- [speaks German]
- [controller]
[beeping]
[computer beeps]
[red light buzzes]
[train announcer speaks German]
[breathing heavily]
- [PA chimes]
- [train announcer
speaks German]
[computer beeps]
[tense music playing]
[exhales sharply]
[warning tone beeping]
[track winder rattles]
[tracks squeak]
[teacher. in English]
All right. now.
Sit back down!
I said. "Sit back down."
I don't know. We'll find out.
I need to get... get by.
please? Thank you.
- [Lukas] Give the man
some space.
- Come on. wake up. guys.
I can't do this.
Sir? Sir.
George is freaking out.
- Colin?
- [Colin] Yeah. I'm trying.
George. George. no!
- Leave the alarm.
What are you doing?
- I wanna leave.
George. what are you doing?
[alarm beeping]
- [Colin. in English]
Look at me.
- It hasn't stopped.
Why won't it stop?
- [alarm continues beeping]
- [banging on door]
Open the door.
Open the door. for fuck's sake!
[in German]
[alert buzzes]
[in Polish]
- [alarm beeping]
- [tracks squeaking]
[in English] What the hell
are you doing? You're going
too fast. Slow down.
Slow down. Hey!
Slow down! Hey! What the...
[tense music intensifies]
[alert beeps]
[train clattering]
- [brakes screeching]
- [Otto grunts]
[passengers scream]
[computer beeps]
- [tapping keys]
- [breathes shakily]
[speaks German]
[brakes screeching]
[train hissing]
[passengers exclaim]
You all right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Yeah?
You okay? Yeah?
[passengers chattering]
[panting]
Why were you driving so fast?
[pants] You don't understand.
There's something going on.
- I know.
- [Otto] I don't...
I don't want to
do this anymore.
[Sam] Hey!
You can't leave.
But we have to get help.
There were police on the train.
- I wanted to--
- I know.
I took care of the police.
Wait. How did you get in here?
You're Otto. right?
Who are you?
Otto. listen to me.
I'm hijacking this train.
["Evil" playing]
♪ You're a long way from home ♪
♪ You can't sleep at night ♪
♪ Grab your telephone ♪
♪ Somethin' ain't right ♪
♪ That's evil ♪
♪ Evil is goin' on ♪
♪ Well. I'm just
Warnin' you. brother ♪
♪ You better
Watch your happy home ♪
♪ Long way from home ♪
♪ Can't sleep at all ♪
♪ Feels like another
Mule's kickin'
In your stall ♪
♪ Well. that's evil ♪
♪ Evil is goin' on ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm